feat/snmp calculations (#15027)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/network-performance-monitoring/troubleshooting/understanding-snmp-utilization-calculations.mdx

    ```
    If Memory Used and Memory Free are available:
      Memory Utilization = ( Memory Used / (Memory Free + Memory Used) ) * 100

    If Memory Total and Memory Free are available:
      Memory Utilization = ( (Memory Total - Memory Free) / Memory Total ) * 100

    If Memory Total and Memory Used are available:
      Memory Utilization = ( Memory Used / Memory Total ) * 100

    If Memory Total, Memory Buffer, and Memory Cache are available:
      Memory Utilization = ( ( Memory Total - (Memory Buffer + Memory Cache ) ) / Memory Total ) * 100
    ```
  </Collapser>
  <Collapser
    id="interface-utilization"
    title="Interface Utilization %"
  >
    **Metric Name**: `kentik.snmp.IfInUtilization` | `kentik.snmp.IfOutUtilization`

    Interface utilization follows the industry standard approach of calculating the delta in bytes and dividing by the product of the interface's configured speed and the time delta since the last collection was made.

>     e.g.; assuming 1 is the previous data point and 2 is the most recent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, assuming 1 is the previous data point and 2 is the most recent:
```
